# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o src/requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
beautifulsoup4==4.12.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   functions-framework
    #   uvicorn
cloudevents==1.11.0
    # via functions-framework
colorama==0.4.6
    # via griffe
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via cloudevents
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
flask==2.3.3
    # via functions-framework
functions-framework==3.4.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.167.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud==0.34.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.11.3
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.14.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
griffe==1.7.2
    # via openai-agents
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via functions-framework
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mcp==1.6.0
    # via openai-agents
openai==1.78.0
    # via
    #   main (pyproject.toml)
    #   openai-agents
openai-agents==0.0.11
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
opentelemetry-api==1.31.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.0
    # via
    #   main (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-genai
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.0
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via mcp
pydub==0.25.1
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
pytest==8.2.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   main (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   openai-agents
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setuptools==80.7.1
    # via gunicorn
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
slack-sdk==3.27.1
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.0
    # via main (pyproject.toml)
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20241018
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-requests==2.31.0.0
    # via
    #   main (pyproject.toml)
    #   openai-agents
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   google-genai
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via mcp
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via functions-framework
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
